= Discovery API Documentation
COFOMO-Project, Ilko Hoffmann<ilkohoffmann@posteo.net>
0.0.1, 16.12.2019
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:sectnums:
:sectnumlevels: 3

// tag::globalDoc[]

[cols="1,2,2", options="header"] 
|===
|Name
|URL
|Description

|icon:github[] GitHub
|https://github.com/cofomo-platform/discovery
|Repository of the discovery project

|icon:book[] API-Documentation
|https://discovery.cofomo.io
|Autogenerated up to date API documentation

|icon:check-square-o[] Swagger-UI
|https://discovery.cofomo.io/swagger
|Interactive test suite of the API

|icon:rocket[] API
|https://discovery.cofomo.io/api
|Discovery API
|===

=== Discovery Provider API
Collection of endpoints to manage provider operations

==== Get all providers

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/get-all/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/get-all/http-response.adoc[]


==== Get all active providers

Depending if endpoints of mobility provider still active

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/get-all-active/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/get-all-active/http-response.adoc[]


==== Add provider

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/add-provider/http-request.adoc[]

===== Fields of Request Body
include::{snippets}/add-provider/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/add-provider/http-response.adoc[]


==== Get provider by id

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/get-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/get-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

===== Fields of Response Body
include::{snippets}/get-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]


==== Update provider

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/update-provider/http-request.adoc[]

===== Fields of Request Body
include::{snippets}/update-provider/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/update-provider/http-response.adoc[]


==== Remove provider

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/delete/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/delete/http-response.adoc[]


=== Discovery Consumer API
Collection of endpoints to manage crud operations

==== Lookup by travel request

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/lookup-search/http-request.adoc[]

===== Fields of Request Body
include::{snippets}/lookup-search/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/lookup-search/http-response.adoc[]


==== Lookup by location

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/lookup-area/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/lookup-area/http-response.adoc[]

// end::globalDoc[]

